Update dependencies (#51)
kaleido-io/kaleido-iden3-samples: README.md

- holder: `did:iden3:tNdgTFxGLkPXhXtppLZzsX7YJmE88aMbkPZusa3zH`

```
curl 'localhost:3001/v1/did:iden3:tVE7RF655rj8Ws4rYCF2E32d46q575Gq2GHi2aKYf/claims' -H 'Authorization: Basic dXNlci1pc3N1ZXI6cGFzc3dvcmQtaXNzdWVy' --data-raw '{
  "credentialSchema": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/iden3/claim-schema-vocab/main/schemas/json/KYCAgeCredential-v3.json",
  "type": "KYCAgeCredential",
  "credentialSubject": {
    "id": "did:iden3:tNdgTFxGLkPXhXtppLZzsX7YJmE88aMbkPZusa3zH",
    "birthday": 19960424,
    "documentType": 2
  },
  "expiration": 1910106487
}'

{"id":"797c21b7-2197-11ee-9ce7-0242ac120005"}
```

### Download the credential to the wallet

To download the credential to the wallet, first generate a QR code for the **credential offer** object that the issuer service uses to interact with the wallet. The QR code encodes the object that contains the ID of the credential. The wallet must authenticate itself with the issuer service, by demonstrating its possession of the private key corresponding to the holder DID, in order to obtain the credential itself.

First call the issuer API to obtain the credential offer object and save the output into a qrcode:

```

> curl 'localhost:3001/v1/did:iden3:tVE7RF655rj8Ws4rYCF2E32d46q575Gq2GHi2aKYf/claims/797c21b7-2197-11ee-9ce7-0242ac120005/qrcode' -H 'Authorization: Basic dXNlci1pc3N1ZXI6cGFzc3dvcmQtaXNzdWVy' | qrencode -o qrcode.png

Reviewer: please add a line or two for how to install the `qrencode` tool

      signature: '1d6cc275f7c9c1b937fb48d6476cc216a22cc981af640d2515fcb63471525f9d3a4ea667391dc2fa6f9faf45b5ceccef13a8c4166cd4d2db40b3166023472501'
    }
  ]
}
Inserting new entry to table Credentials
Done!
```

### Create a challenge object

Now we can use the verifiable credential obtained above, to create verifiable presentations for verifiers.

A verifier first presents a challenge. Call the following endpoint on the verifier service to obtain the challenge object:

```
curl 'http://localhost:8000/api/v1/challenges' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
    "credentialSubject": {
        "birthday": {
            "$lt": 20021010
        }
    },
    "context": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/iden3/claim-schema-vocab/main/schemas/json-ld/kyc-v3.json-ld",
    "type": "KYCAgeCredential"
}' | qrencode -o challenge.png
```

> If you want to use selective disclosure, use the following endpoint instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use selective disclosure, use the following payload instead (omitting the condition inside the `birthday` property value signals the verifier's desire for selective disclosure rather than zero knowledge proof):
```
